contrib: check_chunk.py improve README.md instructions (#2147)
bareos/bareos: contrib/misc/chunk_check/README.md

Install python3-bareos if not yet on your system.

`chech_chunk.py` can be installed system wide by installing package
`bareos-contrib-tools`.

Otherwise the script in an appropriate location like
`/usr/lib/bareos/scripts/` or `/usr/local/bin/`

Prepare a dedicated, named console to use with the script.
if you don't have tls psk python support, you have to set
`TLS Enable = No`

```conf 
Console {
  Name = "chunk_check"
  Password = "secret"
  Description = "Restricted console used by chunk_check.py tool"
  Profile = "chunk_check"
}
```

Make sure to have the `.api` and `list volumes` command allowed in

> in the profile, by either making them explicit, or check they are not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the profile, by either allowing them explicitly, or checking that they are not
```

Author: Excellent, picked and don in [3a03948](https://github.com/bareos/bareos/pull/2147/commits/3a03948ec1e61a0e3de63d8a6d96791c0bdc08af)
